Kakute H7 - update UART2 workaround (#3352)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/flight_controller/kakuteh7.md

| UART   | Device     | Port                  |
| ------ | ---------- | --------------------- |
| USART1 | /dev/ttyS0 | TELEM1                |
| USART2 | /dev/ttyS1 | TELEM2                |
| USART3 | /dev/ttyS2 | Debug Console         |
| UART4  | /dev/ttyS3 | GPS1                  |
| USART6 | /dev/ttyS4 | RC SBUS               |
| UART7  | /dev/ttyS5 | ESC telemetry (DShot) |

> ### UART2 to TELEM2 Workaround
> 
> Since UART2 is used by Bluetooth telemetry (which doesn't work with PX4), there are no exposed solder pads on the board.
> The workaround is as follows, the two resistors marked with an X needs to be removed.

Reviewer: It is better not to talk about this as a "workaround" and more as a "solution to a problem".
Is this correct? In particular, is any other configuration required in PX4?

```suggestion
### Using TELEM2 (USART2)

The `TELEM2` port (USART2) has no exposed solder pads as it is intended for use with Bluetooth telemetry (this does not work with PX4).

You can expose the solder pads and use the port by removing the two resistors marked with an X.
No other configuration should be required.
```
